No wonder.
No wonder the Xuan Giant dared to disobey the Qing order
It turned out that the Qing army himself was here.
It's over, it's all back this time
Ok
Wouldn't it be Qianjun?
That's not possible.
Your technology
Your cow king is also given by me.
Everything you sacrifice is given by me
Call me Chu Lian Qing Army
Said I didn't take the Qing military order
Do you still think it's me?
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
In fact, the person I love all my life is you
Right.
Mom, let's go!
What a bunch of so-called trash
I didn't expect it.
The wife of the Qin family turned out to be the three major family members of the Qin army
Even if the Qing soldiers who made the true dragon sword join the words
Forget it all in my life
No lie
That's already our problem.
Go go go go go
disciple
Not because of you
We will offend the general
The moon is like a thing
In the end, what could be worse than one?
I beg your pardon.
I said how
Just a piece of crap
Why can't you compare to one?
Hello, Miss Feng Wenfei
This is the famous bronze sword song of Youth Special Order